Hint about possibility of manual OTA update check in Android docs (#686)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/android/android-releases-integration-guide.mdx

### Query for OTA Payload {#query-for-ota-payload}

The [OTA Update Client](/docs/android/android-ota-update-client) manages this
process.

> If you still want to do it manually, see
> [the MCU version of this guide](/docs/mcu/releases-integration-guide.mdx#query-for-ota-payload).
> The CLI/HTTP request will look the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the OTA Update client is our recommended method for managing device updates. You can also
perform these operations directly through the Memfault OTA API. See an example of this in our [MCU OTA section]
(/docs/mcu/releases-integration-guide.mdx#query-for-ota-payload).
The examples shown apply to any device using this API.
```
